They want me broke again
But now it's my turn to eat
They did me wrong again
G baby, yeah, I'm G baby
I'm the guy everybody copies, baby
The guy the cops are trying to catch, baby
That's why I need you on my side, baby
You don't have to protect me, baby
And you can come over tomorrow
And tomorrow I'll do for you
What your exes couldn't do in a year, baby
I never knew all of this would go like this
The cops suspect us, none of this makes sense
Can you tell me baby why you wanna leave
After all this, you still matter to me
A lot of guys wish bad on me
But I'm only going up
Baby forget all the drama
And come party with me
They want me broke again
But now it's my turn to eat
They did me wrong again
Sorry but I can't forgive
Now I'm making money
I can't get involved in pointless drama anymore
Sometimes I used laughing gas because of sadness
I had to escape those times somehow
I was messed up in the hood
Luckily this music saved me
Yeah you were my bro, my slime, my guy — or at least that's what I thought
A lot of people claim they love you, even though they're really against you
And they talk shit behind your back — but fuck that, let's rise up and make money
Yeah yeah
A lot of guys wish bad on me
But I'm only going up
Baby forget all the drama
And come party with me
They want me broke again
But now it's my turn to eat
They did me wrong again
Sorry but I can't forgive
A lot of guys wish bad on me
But I'm only going up
Baby forget all the drama
And come party with me
They want me broke again
But now it's my turn to eat
They did me wrong again, again
Sorry but I can't forgive
Yeah